docs: contact classes (#36)
starkware-libs/starknet-docs: docs/Blocks/transactions.md

| Name                    | Type                 | Description                                                                      |
| ----------------------- | -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `contract_address_salt` | `FieldElement`       | A random number used to distinguish between different instances of the contract  |

> | `contract_definition`   | `ContractClass`      | The object definning the contract's functionality                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `contract_definition`   | `ContractClass`      | The object that defines the contract's functionality                                |
```

| `constructor_calldata`  | `List<FieldElement>` | The arguments passed to the constructor during deployment                        |
| `caller_address`        | `FieldElement`       | Who invoked the deployment. Set to 0 (in future: the deploying account contract) |
| `version`               | `FieldElement`       | The intended StarkNet OS version                                                 |

</APITable>

> ### Deploy Transaction hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Calculating the hash of a deploy transaction
```

:::

> ### Invoke Transaction hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Calculating the invoke transaction hash
```

- `chain_id` is a constant value specifying the network this transaction is sent to. See [below](./transactions#chain-id).
- $$h$$ is the [Pedersen](../Hashing/hash-functions#pedersen-hash) hash

## Declare transaction

> The declare transaction is used to introduce new classes into the state of StarkNet, allowing other contracts to deploy instances of those classes or using them in a library call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The declare transaction is used to introduce new classes into the state of StarkNet, enabling other contracts to deploy instances of those classes or using them in a library call.
```

A declare transaction has the following fields:

<APITable>

| Name             | Type                 | Description                                                                               |
| ---------------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `contract_class` | `ContractClass`      | The class object                                                                          |
| `sender_address` | `FieldElement`       | The address of the account initiating the transaction                                     |
| `max_fee`        | `List<FieldElement>` | The maximum fee that the sender is willing to pay for the transaction                     |
| `signature`      | `List<FieldElement>` | Additional information given by the caller, representing the signature of the transaction |
| `nonce`          | `FieldElement`       | The transaction nonce                                                                     |
| `version`        | `FieldElement`       | The intended StarkNet OS version                                                          |

</APITable>

> ### Declare Transaction Hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Calculating the declare transaction hash
```

The declare transaction hash is calculated as a hash over the given transaction elements, specifically:

$$
\begin{aligned}
\text{invoke\_tx\_hash} = h( & \text{"declare"}, \text{version}, \text{sender\_address}, \\& 0, 0, \text{max\_fee}, \text{chain\_id}, \text{class\_hash})
\end{aligned}
$$

Where:

> - The placeholders zeros are used to align the hash computation for the different types of transactions (here, they stand for the empty call data and entry point selector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The placeholders' zeros are used to align the hash computation for the different types of transactions. In this example, they stand for the empty call data and entry point selector.
```

> - `chain_id` is a constant value specifying the network this transaction is sent to. See [below](./transactions#chain-id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `chain_id` is a constant value that specifies the network to which this transaction is sent. See [Chain-Id](./transactions#chain-id).
```

- $$h$$ is the [Pedersen](../Hashing/hash-functions#pedersen-hash) hash

## Signature

> While StarkNet does not have a specific signature scheme built into the protocol, the Cairo language in which smart contracts are written does have an efficient implementation for ECDSA signature with respect to a [STARK-friendly curve](../Hashing/hash-functions#stark-curve).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While StarkNet does not have a specific signature scheme built into the protocol, the Cairo language, in which smart contracts are written, does have an efficient implementation for ECDSA signature with respect to a [STARK-friendly curve](../Hashing/hash-functions#stark-curve).
```

> [^1]: Note, this type of transaction may be deprecated as StarkNet matures, effectively incorporating this into an invoke function transaction over an account contract which will implement the deployment as part of its functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: Be aware that this type of transaction might be deprecated as StarkNet matures, effectively incorporating this into an invoke function transaction over an account contract which will implement the deployment as part of its functionality.
```
